Clarification on plugin registration known issue (#2477)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/vault/global/partials/important-changes/known-issue/plugin-signature-verification-fails-with-renewed-hashicorp-pgp-key.mdx

Vault Enterprise fails to verify external enterprise plugins released since
April 21, 2026 that are signed with the renewed HashiCorp PGP signing key.

> This issue only affects new plugin registrations for Enterprise plugins released since April 21, 2026.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The registration issue only affects new plugin registrations for Enterprise plugins released since April 21, 2026.
```
